JP-3352 update residual fringe documentation (#8371)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/residual_fringe/main.rst

:Class: `jwst.residual_fringe.ResidualFringeStep`
:Alias: residual_fringe

> The JWST pipeline contains multiple steps to mitigate the impact of fringing on science spectra and these steps generally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWST pipeline contains multiple steps to mitigate the impact of fringing on science spectra, which generally
```

suffice to reduce the fringe signal to below a few percent of the target flux.

> The first correction is applied by default in the ``fringe_step`` in the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first correction is applied by default in the :ref:`fringe <fringe_step>` step in the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline
```

> and  consists in dividing the uncalibrated "rate" image by a static fringe flat constructed from observations of a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and  consists of dividing the uncalibrated "rate" image by a static fringe flat constructed from observations of a
```

> bright source that fills the entire MRS field of view. This step is described in the :ref:`fringe <fringe_step>` step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bright source that fills the entire MRS field of view. For more details see the :ref:`fringe <fringe_step>` step.
```

This  step generally does a good job of removing the strongest
fringes from an astronomical scene, particularly for nearly-uniform extended sources. Since the fringe

> signal is different for point sources however (and varies as a function of the location of a point source within the FOV)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
signal is different for point sources, however, and varies as a function of the location of a point source within the FOV,
```

the static fringe flat cannot fully correct such objects and the default high level data products will therefore still
show appreciable fringes.

The pipeline also includes two optional residual fringe correction steps whose purpose is to find and remove signals
whose periodicity is consistent with known fringe frequencies (set by the optical thickness of the detectors and dichroics)
using a Lomb-Scargle periodogram. The number of fringe components to be removed is governed by a Bayesian evidence calculation.
The first of these residual fringe correction steps is a 2-D correction that can be applied to the flux-calibrated detector data

> in the ``residual_fringe_step``. This step is part of the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline, but currently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the :ref:`residual_fringe <residual_fringe_step>` step. This step is part of the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline, but currently
```

it is skipped by default. To apply this step set the step parameter,  ``--skip = False``. This step is applied after
:ref:`photom <photom_step>`, but before :ref:`cube_build <cube_build_step>`.

>  The ``residual_fringe`` step can accept several different forms of input data, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``residual_fringe`` step can accept several different forms of input data, including:
```

#. a single file containing a 2-D IFU image

#. a data model (`~jwst.datamodels.IFUImageModel`) containing a 2-D IFU image

#. an association table (in json format) containing a single input file
   
The second of the residual fringe correction steps is a 1-D correction  that can be applied to one-dimensional spectra extracted
from MRS data cubes by setting the optional parameter ``extract_1d.ifu_rfcorr = True``  in the :ref:`extract_1d <extract_1d_step>` step. 

> Empirically, the 1-D correction step has been found to both work better than the 2-D correction step if is applied to per-band spectra.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Empirically, the 1-D correction step has been found to work better than the 2-D correction step if it is applied to per-band spectra.
```

and  consists of dividing the uncalibrated "rate" image by a static fringe flat constructed from observations of a
bright source that fills the entire MRS field of view. For more details see the :ref:`fringe <fringe_step>` step.
This  step generally does a good job of removing the strongest fringes from an astronomical scene, particularly
for nearly-uniform extended sources. Since the fringe signal is different for point sources, however, and varies
as a function of the location of a point source within the FOV, the static fringe flat cannot fully correct
such objects and the default high level data products will therefore still
show appreciable fringes.

The pipeline also includes two optional residual fringe correction steps whose purpose is to find and remove signals
whose periodicity is consistent with known fringe frequencies (set by the optical thickness of the detectors
and dichroics) using a Lomb-Scargle periodogram. The number of fringe components to be removed is governed
by a Bayesian evidence calculation.
The first of these residual fringe correction steps is a 2-D correction that can be applied to the flux-calibrated detector data

> in the :ref:`residual_fringe <residual_fringe_step` step. This step is part of the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline, but currently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the :ref:`residual_fringe <residual_fringe_step>` step. This step is part of the :ref:`calwebb_spec2 <calwebb_spec2>` pipeline, but currently
```
